DOCS-2179: Generic gateways (#1193)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/plugins/shopware6/faq/generic-gateways.md

---
title : "Generic gateways Shopware 6"
meta_title: "Generic gateways - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
layout: "faqdetail"
---

> The MultiSafepay plugin for Shopware 6 offers generic gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MultiSafepay plugin for Shopware 6 offers [generic gateways](/faq/general/generic-gateways/).
```

> You can use this gateway for example for branded gateways. In the MultiSafepay settings page in the Shopware backend you can fill in the gateway code that is provided by MultiSafepay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this gateway, for example, for branded gateways. In the MultiSafepay settings page in the Shopware backend, you can fill in the gateway code that MultiSafepay provides.
```
